README.md, before:

💰 Web Budget Calculator — Sprint 6

<img src="./public/Preview.gif" alt="Demo" width="600" />

This project is part of Sprint 6 of the IT Academy Bootcamp. The goal was to deepen our understanding of React by creating reusable and scalable components that interact through props at different levels.

🚀 Technologies Used

React (with TypeScript)

React Router

Vite

Tailwind CSS

📌 Project Status
The MVP is complete and fully functional, except for the last exercise, which I couldn’t finish due to time constraints. Below is the timeline for this sprint: Sprint End Planned: 18-07-2025

🛠️ Getting Started

1. Clone this repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Clos266/web-budget-calculator
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
$ npm install
```

3. Run the development server

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

📈 Future Improvements
Add tests (though I haven’t fully mastered the basics yet, so I’m not sure how to approach testing at this stage).

Refactor all text content to be consistently in English (currently there's some Spanglish/Catanglish).

Improve folder structure — this is my second React project and my first one using React Router, so things got a bit messy.

Split large files that contain too much logic or too many responsibilities.

Add smooth page transitions and animations to improve user experience — although for now, my priority is mastering React before diving into more advanced visual polish.

Commit message:

docs: update README to reflect project status and future improvements

README.md, after:

💰 Web Budget Calculator — Sprint 6

<img src="./public/Preview.gif" alt="Demo" width="600" />

This project is part of Sprint 6 of the IT Academy Bootcamp. The goal was to deepen our understanding of React by creating reusable and scalable components that interact through props at different levels.

🚀 Technologies Used

React (with TypeScript)

React Router

Vite

Vitest

Tailwind CSS

📌 Project Status
The MVP is complete and fully functional, but there are several improvements planned, as listed below.

🛠️ Getting Started

1. Clone this repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Clos266/web-budget-calculator
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
$ npm install
```

3. Run the development server

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

📈 Future Improvements

- Enhance testing
  While I’m still solidifying core concepts, I’ve started adding some tests — but the test suite is not yet complete.

- Improve multilingual support
  The app currently supports English and Catalan. I plan to implement full internationalization (i18n) to make it available in additional languages.

- Refactor folder structure
  As this is my second React project — and the first using React Router the architecture evolved as I learned. A refactor will help make the structure cleaner and more maintainable.

- Add smooth animations
  Enhancing transitions and interactivity is on the roadmap, once the core functionality is fully polished.

- Enable budget sharing via URL
  One of the final goals is to allow users to share fully pre-filled budgets via URL parameters. This will boost usability and make it easy to share personalized recommendations with others.
